>> Brian Holt: First thing here that we
wanna do is we're gonna install Prettier,
and I'm gonna show you how to
run it from the command line.
So inside of your package.json,
there's a thing called scripts.
Here we have one called test, which we
don't have any tests for this project yet,
so we don't have anything like that.
But you can see here that it'll run echo,
no test specified.
So if I say npm run test, right?
It's gonna run whatever is in here, and
it's gonna echo error no test specified,
right?
So you can see right there error,
no test specified.
So that's what this script is for,
it allows you to put some sort of Bash, or
ZSH, or PowerShell command in here.
And then it'll run that whenever
you say npm run test, or format, or
whatever you put inside of here.
So we can put anything in here.
I'm gonna put one called format.
>> Brian Holt: And what format is going
to do is it's gonna say prettier, so
it's gonna run this prettier,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna run it on everything
inside of our source directory.
So src/, and then we'll say
*., what do I have in here?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, *./*.,
and then we'll put
here ,
like that.
>> Brian Holt: Then you
actually might have to put,
>> Brian Holt: Backslash, like this,
like this, okay.
>> Brian Holt: So what this is gonna do is
this is going to run Prettier on any file
and any directory,
that's what this **/* means,
inside of the source directory that
has either a JS or an HTML extension.
You need the backslashes here because
this'll pass it into Prettier and
it allows Prettier to resolve this rather
than having Bash resolve it for you.
And then you come here at the end.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so if I run this,
it's actually not gonna write to it, so
I should be able to say npm run format.
>> Brian Holt: And you see that
it's actually printing it out,
which is not what I want,
I want it to actually write.
So what we're gonna do here
is we're gonna say --write.
>> Brian Holt: And you can see there now
I have src/app.js and src/index.html.
>> Brian Holt: So this is helpful because
there's gonna be someone on your team that
doesn't want to integrate
with your work flow.
So this allows them to just run this
command right before they commit and
then push it up, right,
because you want everyone reading
this command on your team.